docs(websockets): Add socket io version warning (#1686)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/websockets/gateways.md

$ npm i --save @nestjs/websockets @nestjs/platform-socket.io
```

> > warning **Warning** `@nestjs/platform-socket.io` currently depends on socket.io v2.3 and socket.io v3.0 client and server are not backwards compatible. However, can implement a custom adapter to use socket.io v3.0. Please refer to [this issue](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/issues/5676) for further information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> warning **Warning** `@nestjs/platform-socket.io` currently depends on socket.io v2.3. socket.io v3.0 is not backwards compatible with any version 2 socket.io package. If you ned socket.io v3, however, you an implement a custom adapter to use instead of the built in one. Please refer to [this issue](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/issues/5676) for further information.
```

Author: Thanks!

> > warning **Warning** `@nestjs/platform-socket.io` currently depends on socket.io v2.3 and socket.io v3.0 client and server are not backwards compatible. However, can implement a custom adapter to use socket.io v3.0. Please refer to [this issue](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/issues/5676) for further information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> warning **Warning** `@nestjs/platform-socket.io` currently depends on socket.io v2.3 and socket.io v3.0 client and server are not backward compatible. However, you can still implement a custom adapter to use socket.io v3.0. Please refer to [this issue](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/issues/5676) for further information.
```
